wip: pro-lxd docs (#3358)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-client: docs/howtoguides.rst

   Create a customised Cloud Ubuntu Pro image <howtoguides/create_pro_golden_image>
   Cloud Ubuntu Pro images with FIPS updates <howtoguides/create_a_fips_updates_pro_cloud_image>

> Ubuntu Pro Client LXD integation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ubuntu Pro Client LXD integration
```

================================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

>    How to setup the Ubuntu Pro LXD integration <howtoguides/use_pro_lxd_guests>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   How to set up the Ubuntu Pro LXD integration <howtoguides/use_pro_lxd_guests>
```
